Please answer the below core-java Questions:

What is programing language?
A. A programming language is a language used by programmers to develop software programs, scripts, or other
    sets of instructions for computers to execute.

What jdk contains or composed of and define each components?
A. It includes the Java Runtime Environment (JRE), an interpreter/loader (java), a compiler (javac),
    an archiver (jar), a documentation generator (javadoc) and other tools needed in Java development.


What is IDE?
A. Integrated Development Environment

What are the IDEs available in the market to support java?
A. Eclipse, IntelliJ, NetBeans, BlueJ

Explain the entire java life cycle.
A. First, you go on the editor and write the code. Which is turned into a source code, which is then
    compiled by the java compiler. Once compiled, a bytecode gets created, which is then processed through
    Java Virtual Machine (JVM), for the system to read. The last step is for it to go to the operating system.

what is class?
A. A class is a blueprint of an object.

What is object?
A. An object is an instance of a class.

What is the entry point of an application?
A. An entry point of an application are used to control users' access to different versions of an application
    that is deployed on a platform.

Why main is static?
A. This is necessary because the main method is called by the JVM before any objects are made. Since it is
   static, it can be directly invoked via the class.

Which class is the superclass of all classes?
A. The object class is the superclass.

What is difference between path and classpath variables?
A. Once you installed Java on your machine, it is required to Set the PATH environment variable to conveniently
    run the executable, such as javac, from any directory without having to
    type the full path of the command. Classpath is system environment variable used by the Java compiler and JVM.
    Java compiler and JVM is used Classpath to determine the location of required class files.

What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?
A. An interface is an abstract type that is used to specify a behavior that classes must implement.
   An abstract class is similar to an interface except it can contain default method implementation.
   An abstract class can have an abstract method without body, and it can have methods with implementation also.

Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class ? if not how do you use it?
A. You can't instantiate an abstract class or an interface. You can instantiate one of their subclasses.

what is Access Specifier?
A. It gives access to classes, fields, and methods. Some examples are, public, private, and protected.

What is OOP ? Define each feature of java OOP.
A. OOP is Object Oriented Programming.
    Abstraction - It is the process of hiding the implementation details from the user.
    Inheritance - The process of acquiring the properties from one class to another.
    Polymorphism - It is the ability of an object to take on many forms. Polymorphism is a concept by which
        we can perform a single action in different ways. Polymorphism gives a way to use a class exactly
        like its parent so there’s no confusion with mixing types. It helps programmers reuse the code and
        classes once written, tested and implemented.
    Encapsulation - It is data hiding. It’s the process of hiding information details and protecting data
           and behavior of an object from misuse by other objects.

What is Java Package and which package is imported by default?
A. A package is a namespace that organizes a set of related classes and interfaces.
    The java.lang package is imported by default.

What is API? Name list of API that you have used so far.
A. API is Application Programming Interface. Some API's used are XML, DOM, java.math,

Does java support multiple inheritance, explain why or why not?
A. Java does not support multiple through classes, but it is possible through interface. It is not supported
    so it does not cause any confusion. The problem with multiple inheritance is that two classes may define
    different ways of doing the same thing, and the subclass can't choose which one to pick.

What is method overloading and when it happens?
A. Method overloading is an example of static polymorphism. This happens during compile time.

Explain exceptions in java and how to handle it.
A. An exception indicates conditions that a reasonable application might want to catch. We can
    recover from exceptions by either using try-catch block or throwing exceptions back to caller.
    It can be handled using try and catch blocks.

What is static keyword in java? How it has been used in variables and methods ?
A. a static member is a member of a class that isn’t associated with an instance of a class. Instead,
   the member belongs to the class itself. As a result, you can access the static member without first
   creating a class instance.Static variable in Java is variable which belongs to the class and initialized
   only once at the start of the execution.
   Static method in Java is a method which belongs to the class and not to the object. A static method
   can access only static data.

What is final and how it has been used variables and methods?
A. Final is a keyword. It is used to apply restrictions on class, method and variable.
   Final class can’t be inherited, final method can’t be overridden, and final variable values can’t be changed.
   Final variables are constants. We cannot change the value of a final variable once it is initialized.
   A final method cannot be overridden. Which means even though a sub class can call the final method of
   parent class without any issues, but it cannot override it.

What is final, finally and finalize?
A. Final is a keyword. It is used to apply restrictions on class, method and variable.
   Final class can’t be inherited, final method can’t be overridden, and final variable values can’t be changed.
   Finally is a block. It is used to place important code, it will be executed whether exception is handled or not.
   Finalize is a method. It is used to perform clean up processing just before object is garbage collected.

What is a constructor ?
A. It is similar to a method, which is called when instance of an object is created.

Can we have multiple constructors in a class?
A. Yes, as long as their parameters aren't the same.

If we don't have a constructor declared, what is called during the object creation?
A. The compiler provides a default constructor.

What is "this" keyword in java ?
A. Keyword "this" is a reference variable in Java that refers to the current object.

What is "super" keyword in java? How many possible way can you use?
A. The "super" keyword is a reference variable that is used to refer parent class objects.
   It is used inside a sub-class method definition to call a method defined in the super class.
   It is also used by class constructors to invoke constructors of its parent class.

What is JVM stand for ?
A. Java Virtual Machine.

Is JVM platform independent?
A. The JVM must be platform dependent to allow your Java to run on the specific platform.

What version of java are you using?
A. Java 8.

What is JAR stand for ?
A. JAR stands for Java ARchive.

What is the difference between JDK and JVM?
A. The Java Development Kit (JDK) is a software development environment used for developing Java applications
   and applets, including tools in Java development.
   JVM is a virtual machine that enables a computer to run Java programs as well as programs written in other
   languages that are also compiled to Java bytecode.

What is the difference between JVM and JRE?
A. JVM is responsible to converting Byte code to the machine specific code.
    JRE is the implementation of JVM, it provides platform to execute java programs.
    JRE consists of JVM and java binaries and other classes to execute any program successfully.

What is compile time and run time?
A. source code must be compiled into machine code in order to become and executable program.
   This compilation process is referred to as compile time.
   A compiled program can be opened and run by a user. When an application is running, it is called runtime

What is heap?
A. Java objects reside in an area called the heap. The heap is created when the JVM starts up
   and may increase or decrease in size while the application runs.

How java manage it's memory?
A. Java has automatic memory management, a garbage collector that works in the
   background to clean up the unused objects and free up some memory.

What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
A. Strings are a sequence of characters. In the Java programming language, strings are objects.
   StringBuffer is a mutable sequence of characters. It is like a String but the contents of the StringBuffer
   can be modified after creation.
   StringBuilder objects are like String objects, except that they can be modified.
   Internally, these objects are treated like variable-length arrays that contain a sequence of characters.
   At any point, the length and content of the sequence can be changed through method invocations.

What is Singleton class?
A. It is a class that can have only one object at a time. A private constructor is needed and static method that
   has return type object of this singleton class.

What is Serialization and Deserialization?
A.  Serialization is a mechanism of converting the state of an object into a byte stream.
    Deserialization is the reverse process where the byte stream is used to recreate the actual Java object in memory.

When to use transient variable in java?
A. Transient is a variables modifier used in serialization. At the time of serialization,
   if we don’t want to save value of a particular variable in a file, then we use transient keyword.
   When JVM comes across transient keyword, it ignores original value of the variable and save default
   value of that variable data type.

Difference between while and do..while loop?
A. The do while loop executes the content of the loop once before checking the condition of the while.
   A while loop will check the condition first before executing the content.

What is Enum?
A. A java enum is a special Java type used to define collections of constants.
   More precisely, a Java enum type is a special kind of Java class.

What is Iterator?
A. It is used in collection framework in Java to retrieve elements one by one. ‘Iterator’ is an interface
   which belongs to collection framework. It allows us to traverse the collection, access the data element and
   remove the data elements of the collection.

Which one will take more memory, an int or Integer?
A. Integer

Why is String Immutable in Java?
A. The string is Immutable in Java because String objects are cached in String pool.

What is constructor chaining in Java?
A. Constructor chaining is the process of calling one constructor from another constructor
   with respect to current object.

The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
A. Serial Collector is mostly designed for single-threaded environments. 
   Parallel Garbage Collector is used for multi-threaded environments  

What is JIT stands for?
A. Just In Time

Explain Java Heap space and Garbage collection?
A. Java objects reside in an area called the heap. The heap is created when the JVM starts up and may increase or
   decrease in size while the application runs. -Garbage collection is the process of looking at heap memory,
   identifying which objects are in use and which are not and deleting the unused objects. 

Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
A. No

What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
A. When an object is created its stored in the heap 
   Stack creates a memory to the created object
    Stack is used for static

What is reflection in java and why is it useful?
A. Reflection is a feature in the Java programming language. It allows an executing Java program to
   examine or "introspect" upon itself and manipulate internal properties of the program.
   Java Reflection is quite powerful and can be very useful. Java Reflection makes it possible to inspect
   classes, interfaces, fields and methods at runtime, without knowing the names of the classes, methods etc.

what is multithreading in java?
A. Multithreading in java is a process of executing multiple threads simultaneously. A thread is a lightweight
   sub-process, the smallest unit of processing. Multiprocessing and multithreading, both are used to
   achieve multitasking.

What is the use of synchronization in Java?
A. Synchronized keyword in Java is used to provide mutually exclusive access to a shared resource with
   multiple threads in Java. Synchronization in Java guarantees that no two threads can execute a synchronized
   method which requires the same lock simultaneously or concurrently.

What is Framework?
A. Frameworks generally refer to broad software development platforms.

What are the testing Framework available in java?
A. jUnit and testNG

Difference between jUnit and testNG?
A. In juniit methods have to be declared as static. TestNG does not have this constraint.

What are the dependencies for this project?
A. gson, java-json, mongo-java-driver, mysql-connector and testng

what is dependency injection in java?
A. The general concept behind dependency injection is called Inversion of Control. According to this concept a
   class should not configure its dependencies statically but should be configured from the outside.
   A Java class has a dependency on another class, if it uses an instance of this class. We call
   this a _class dependency. For example, a class which accesses a logger service has a dependency
   on this service class.

What is static binding and dynamic binding?
A. Static binding in Java occurs during compile time while dynamic binding occurs during runtime.









